OK so in order to style this we're gonna take this section by section first.
First we're going to style the input and then we'll sell that button and then the full component just
so it ends up looking like our final sign.
So what we have to do is we actually have to make a new form input component and it's going to perform
the exact same way as a regular input but with our own styling on it including managing the label and
that little micro interaction.
When you click on it
how do we do this.
Well let's first make a new component called form input
and we're gonna make our form input component Dutch ASX and a form input dot styles thought SAS as usual
and inside of our form input it will be a functional component
because we don't want any state on this component
what it will take is it will take a handle change prop a label and then the rest of the props we're
gonna do structure because we're gonna spread that into the input.
Now the reason why we need this handle change is because we want to bubble up any on change that the
input has.
But we're going to wrap our whole component in a group because we want the label and the input to be
together.
So this is gonna be called a group and then there will always exist and input and the input will have
the class name of form input on change will then bind our handle change.
So right now this looks exactly like how we had it earlier inside of our sign and component we're still
just finding whatever handle change gets passed in onto the change and then we're going to spread the
other props here.
So all these other props will end up being all of the props that we've passed in here including name
type value required.
Those are all going to get passed into our form input component as the other props.
Now why do we need this label prop.
Well what this label prop we are actually going to selectively render a label because we don't know
if we actually need it or not if a user passes in a label.
Right.
Sorry.
If a developer if we want to pass in a label property then we'll generate one.
If we don't then there's no need for it.
So we are going to create a label component otherwise we are going to render nothing and no is a great
way for nothing to appear.
So here.
What we're going to render is our label with a class name of this value.
So what we're gonna do is we are going to selectively render a string interpolated value where we take
prop stop value length so if our value is in then we are going to apply this class of shrink otherwise
it will be an empty string and we will always have form input label.
Sorry.
Other props.
So this label will always have the class name form input label but we will also add this shrink property.
When ever the user has typed anything in now this is mainly for certain browsers that will autocomplete
when you get to that portion of the actual sign and page.
I'm gonna show you what I mean.
But we're also going to render the label text now.
As usual I've provided the styling for us and I'm just gonna quickly take a look at what is here.
So what we're saying is that this is a sparse variable wherever we call sub color is going to substituting
that grey wherever we call main color.
It's going to substitute in black and then this mix in shrink label is an easy way for us to include
this whole block of CSX where everywhere we say at include.
And then that shrink label that mix.
So mix ins are kind of like reusable pieces of CSX that we can put inside of our source code and this
way we don't have to repeat the same thing and if we want to change anything we could just modified
here and wherever it's being referenced it all update now.
The main thing to focus on that we've changed is that we want to focus whenever a user focuses which
is whenever they select or whenever the browser is focused on that input then we want to target the
form input label and we want to include shrink label.
Right.
So we want to move it up change the font size and change the color because right now our label actually
sits inside of our component as you'll see here right.
It just sits right above the actual input itself.
So by doing this we are adding a transition right here of 300 milliseconds so that the moment these
properties get updated there's a transition of the range of milliseconds to that change.
And now if we save and we export our form input if we add it into our sign and component we will see
our new component in our code
form input from form input form a token.
Now let's just replace this with this like so and now instead of an on change we are going to add in
our handle change because that's the name that we decided to call our property.
And now if we look at our code base we'll see that this is our new component.
We also need to now add in our label.
So here I'm gonna say email and then for this label I'm also going to say password reset again let's
not update that password.
We see our functionality awesome.
So let's get rid of this label and this label
and now our form input looks how it should
so why is the width full.
And it's because it always just expands the full width of our component.
So for our sign and component we can actually also add some styling here so that the width is always
30 view width.
So it's always 30 percent of the total view width and now we have a better looking component that looks
way more similar to our final
Yeah.
Let's start the button.